Query block (#177)
infinum/eightshift-forms: src/Hooks/Filters.md

	];
}
```

## Add data to query block

> This two filters will add necessary data to the query block. This block can show any kind of data provided via filter.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These filters will add the necessary data for the Query block to work.
```

> Field data option selector will not show unless a filter is provided.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Field data option selector will not be shown unless a filter is added.
```

**Default values:**
```php
[]
```

> **Filter for providing editor options:**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Filter for providing Block editor options:**
```

```php
// Provide custom query block options.
add_filter('es_forms_block_query_options', [$this, 'getQueryBlockOptions']);

/**

>  * Provide custom query block options.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 * Provide custom Query block options.
```

 *
 * @return array
 */
public function getQueryBlockOptions(): array
{
	return [
		[
			'label' => 'Blog posts',
			'value' => 'blog-posts'
		],
		[
			"label" => "Jobs",
			"value" => "jobs"
		],
	];
}
```

> **Filter for providing options data:**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Filter for providing option data:**
```

```php

> // Provide custom query block options.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// Provide custom Query block options.
```

add_filter('es_forms_block_query_options_data', [$this, 'getQueryBlockOptionsData']);

/**

>  * Provide custom query block options data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 * Provide custom Query block options data.
```

 *

>  * @param string $type Type of option selected in the editor.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 * @param string $type Type of option selected in the Block editor.
```
